Feature/readme updates (#71)
fivetran/dbt_quickbooks: README.md

        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributions-welcome-blueviolet" /></a>
</p>

# QuickBooks dbt Package ([Docs](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/))

# Table of Contents
- [📣 What does this dbt package do?](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#-what-does-this-dbt-package-do)
- [🎯 How do I use the dbt package?](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks_source/#-how-do-i-use-the-dbt-package) 
    - [Required steps](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#step-1-prerequisites)
    - [Additional options](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#optional-step-5-orchestrate-your-models-with-fivetran-transformations-for-dbt-core)
- [🔍 Does this package have dependencies?](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#-does-this-package-have-dependencies)
- [🙌 How is this package maintained and can I contribute?](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#-how-is-this-package-maintained-and-can-i-contribute)
    - [Package Maintenance](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#package-maintenance)
    - [Contributions](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#contributions)

>     - [🏪 Are there any resources available?](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#-are-there-any-resources-available)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [🏪 Are there any resources available?](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#-are-there-any-resources-available)
```

Author: Fixed.

# 📣 What does this dbt package do?
- Produces modeled tables that leverage QuickBooks data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/quickbooks) in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/quickbooks#schemainformation) and builds off the output of our [QuickBooks source package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks_source).

> The main focus of this package is to provide users insights into their QuickBooks data that can be used for financial statement reporting and deeper analysis. The package achieves this by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enables users with insights into their QuickBooks data that can be used for financial statement reporting and deeper analysis. The package achieves this by:
```

Author: Fixed!

## Currency Package Compatibility

> Please be aware that the [dbt_quickbooks](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks) and [dbt_quickbooks_source](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks_source) packages were developed with single currency company data. As such, the package models will not reflect accurate totals if your QuickBooks account has Multi-Currency enabled.

# 🎯 How do I use the dbt package?
## Step 1: Prerequisites
To use this dbt package, you must have the following:

- At least one Fivetran QuickBooks connector syncing data into your destination.
- A **BigQuery**, **Snowflake**, **Redshift**, or **PostgreSQL** destination.

## Step 2: Install the package
Include the following QuickBooks package version in your `packages.yml` file.
> TIP: Check [dbt Hub](https://hub.getdbt.com/) for the latest installation instructions or [read the dbt docs](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/package-management) for more information on installing packages.

```yaml
packages:
  - package: fivetran/quickbooks

>     version: [">=0.6.0", "<0.7.0"]

Reviewer: Let's bump the version to 0.7.0 and 0.8.0 range

Author: Updated.

    using_bill: false # disable if you don't have bills or bill payments in QuickBooks
    using_credit_memo: false # disable if you don't have credit memos in QuickBooks
    using_department: false # disable if you don't have departments in QuickBooks
    using_deposit: false # disable if you don't have deposits in QuickBooks
    using_estimate: false # disable if you don't have estimates in QuickBooks
    using_invoice: false # disable if you don't have estimates in QuickBooks
    using_invoice_bundle: false # disable if you don't have estimates in QuickBooks
    using_journal_entry: false # disable if you don't have estimates in QuickBooks
    using_payment: false # disable if you don't have estimates in QuickBooks
    using_refund_receipt: false # disable if you don't have estimates in QuickBooks
    using_transfer: false # disable if you don't have estimates in QuickBooks
    using_vendor_credit: false # disable if you don't have estimates in QuickBooks
    using_sales_receipt: false # disable if you don't have estimates in QuickBooks
    using_credit_card_payment_txn: true # enable if you want to include credit card payment transactions in your staging models
```

> </details>

Reviewer: Same comment from the source, let's not enclose this in a collapsable since it is required.

Author: Updating.

## (Optional) Step 5: Orchestrate your models with Fivetran Transformations for dbt Core™
<details><summary>Expand for details.</summary>
<br>

Fivetran offers the ability for you to orchestrate your dbt project through [Fivetran Transformations for dbt Core™](https://fivetran.com/docs/transformations/dbt). Learn how to set up your project for orchestration through Fivetran in our [Transformations for dbt Core setup guides](https://fivetran.com/docs/transformations/dbt#setupguide).

> </details>

Reviewer: This should be the last step

Author: updated

> ## Union Multiple Quickbooks Connectors

Reviewer: Same comment as the source. These optional additional configurations should fall into their own step (ideally step 5) and all be within the same collapse section. [See Zendesk as an example](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_zendesk#optional-step-5-additional-configurations).

Author: Updated.

        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributions-welcome-blueviolet" /></a>
</p>

> # QuickBooks dbt Package ([Docs](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/))

Reviewer: I just realized the `Fivetran Release Phase: Beta` is included in the badges. This may be a hold over from a prior release, but we no longer want to use these badges. Let's remove that line above.

```html
<a alt="Fivetran-Release"
        href="https://fivetran.com/docs/getting-started/core-concepts#releasephases">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Fivetran Release Phase-_Beta-orange.svg" /></a>
```

Author: Removed!

> # Table of Contents

Reviewer: I liked this update from the source and want to apply it here as well
```suggestion
# 📖 Table of Contents
```

<details><summary>Expand for configurations</summary>

### Changing the Build Schema
By default this package will build the QuickBooks staging models within a schema titled (<target_schema> + `_quickbooks_staging`) and QuickBooks final models within a schema titled (<target_schema> + `_quickbooks`) in your target database. If this is not where you would like your modeled QuickBooks data to be written to, add the following configuration to your `dbt_project.yml` file:

```yml
# dbt_project.yml

...
models:
    quickbooks:
      +schema: my_new_schema_name # leave blank for just the target_schema
    quickbooks_source:
      +schema: my_new_schema_name # leave blank for just the target_schema
```

### Change the source table references
If an individual source table has a different name than the package expects, add the table name as it appears in your destination to the respective variable:
> IMPORTANT: See this project's [`dbt_project.yml`](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/blob/main/dbt_project.yml) variable declarations to see the expected names.
    
```yml
vars:
    quickbooks_<default_source_table_name>_identifier: your_table_name 

> ``` 

Reviewer: Same comment from my re-review of the source package. Can you move the change build schema and change source table references to be the last ones in this section. 

I feel the union feature, cash flow ordering, and balance sheet/income statement ordering are more important than the schema and source changes. I feel it would be more impactful for the more relevant items to be higher in this section.

Author: Moved it!

    quickbooks_union_schemas: ['quickbooks_usa','quickbooks_canada'] # use this if the data is in different schemas/datasets of the same database/project
    quickbooks_union_databases: ['quickbooks_usa','quickbooks_canada'] # use this if the data is in different databases/projects but uses the same schema name
```
</details>

## Customize the Cash Flow Model

> <details><summary>Expand for details.</summary>

Reviewer: See above comment

Author: Updated.

- In `cash_flow_statement_type_ordinal_example`, the `report` field should always be `Cash Flow`.  

We'd love for you to share your experiences with the cash flow seed file with us [in the Fivetran community user group](https://community.fivetran.com/t5/user-group-for-dbt/gh-p/dbt-user-group) so we can make these model and seed configurations even better for you in the future!
</details>

## Customize the account ordering of your financial models.

> <details><summary>Expand for details.</summary>

Reviewer: See above comment

Author: Updated.

- We recommend ordering the `ordinal` for each report separately in the seed, i.e. have ordinals for `quickbooks__balance_sheet` and `quickbooks__profit_and_loss` start at 1 each, to make your reporting more clean. 

We'd love for you to share your experiences with the ordinal seed file with us [in the Fivetran community user group](https://community.fivetran.com/t5/user-group-for-dbt/gh-p/dbt-user-group) so we can make these model and seed configurations even better for you in the future!
</details>

> ### Changing the build schema

Reviewer: See above comment

Author: Updated.

    quickbooks_source:
      +schema: my_new_schema_name # leave blank for just the target_schema
```

### Change the source table references
If an individual source table has a different name than the package expects, add the table name as it appears in your destination to the respective variable:

> > IMPORTANT: See this project's [`dbt_project.yml`](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/blob/main/dbt_project.yml) variable declarations to see the expected names.

Reviewer: See above comment

Author: Updated.

    
```yml
vars:
    quickbooks_<default_source_table_name>_identifier: your_table_name 
```

> ## Analysis of the financial models

Reviewer: I think this would actually be a good separate step. Maybe something like `(Optional) Step 6: Validate your data`

Author: Updated!

After running the models within this package, you may want to compare the baseline financial statement totals from the data provided against what you expect. You can make use of the [analysis functionality of dbt](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/building-a-dbt-project/analyses/) and run pre-written SQL to test these values. The SQL files within the [analysis](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/blob/master/analysis) folder contain SQL queries you may compile to generate balance sheet and income statement values. You can then tie these generated values to your expected ones and confirm the values provided in this package are accurate.

# 🔍 Does this package have dependencies?
This dbt package is dependent on the following dbt packages. Please be aware that these dependencies are installed by default within this package. For more information on the following packages, refer to the [dbt hub](https://hub.getdbt.com/) site.
> IMPORTANT: If you have any of these dependent packages in your own `packages.yml` file, we highly recommend that you remove them from your root `packages.yml` to avoid package version conflicts.

```yml
packages:
    - package: fivetran/quickbooks_source

>       version: [">=0.6.0", "<0.7.0"]

Reviewer: Will want to bump this based on the source package also being a breaking change

Author: updated

    - package: fivetran/fivetran_utils
      version: [">=0.4.0", "<0.5.0"]

    - package: dbt-labs/dbt_utils
      version: [">=1.0.0", "<2.0.0"]
```

# 🙌 How is this package maintained and can I contribute?
## Package Maintenance
The Fivetran team maintaining this package _only_ maintains the latest version of the package. We highly recommend that you stay consistent with the [latest version](https://hub.getdbt.com/fivetran/quickbooks_source/latest/) of the package and refer to the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md) and release notes for more information on changes across versions.

## Contributions
A small team of analytics engineers at Fivetran develops these dbt packages. However, the packages are made better by community contributions! 

We highly encourage and welcome contributions to this package. Check out [this dbt Discourse article](https://discourse.getdbt.com/t/contributing-to-a-dbt-package/657) to learn how to contribute to a dbt package!

> ## 🏪 Are there any resources available?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 🏪 Are there any resources available?
```

Author: Updated!
